What's up my kids I finally bring you
my second video about the Rocío
Carrasco and Antonio David Flores case which as you
know is the latest
television scandal it is not the television controversy
of the moment that is giving so much to
talk about all day long trending on all
social networks occupying all the
headlines of all the
media and well all the
programming of Telecinco and part of the
other channels it took me longer to make
this video because it really is a subject
that must be taken with great caution I
like when I'm going to make a video
especially with such delicate subjects
to examine everything that we have on the
table well and not venture to say
any [ __ ] I can be wrong
I want to make it clear I am not a judge or a
lawyer or anything like that I give my
opinion everything that you are going to see in this
video is my perspective is worth what I
believe but it does not mean that I am
right and another thing I want to make
clear is that these videos are not about
sanctifying one and demonizing the other
what I always say regarding these
controversial issues that involve  in two
parts It's that surely very
surely neither of the two parties is
telling us 100% the truth
we have to take a little bit of one and a
little bit of the other and in this video what I'm
going to do is comment with you on the
parts that seem most
relevant to me and that we have to deal with and
that do not have to be left aside and I'm
going to put the parts that seem
incredible to me and not credible on one side and the
part that seems incredible to me on the other
that well objectively I continue thinking and I
continue believing and I continue to be disturbed by
the version of one side that the other's
last night the second well the
second program on this subject was broadcast which
includes episodes 2 and 3 in total there are going to
be 13 episodes or
literally like Game of Thrones as
if it were a season of Game of
Thrones So that is going to give us something to
talk about for at least two months I know that
many people are justifying the fact that
she comes out to speak now after so
many years that he has been talking not
only going around all the
television sets but also making the
covers of a lot of
gossip magazines something that she apparently didn't
care about you know what happens my
husband is lucky enough to be able to live
without working unlike you but that
seems to me it seems rude and
obvious that you say this because and it
's not serious at all you know what you would like you
know what you would like for yourself to live the
way he lives what happens something that now
seems like it does matter to her quite a bit because
from my point of view one of the
purposes that she possibly has
is to take away that way that he has
of earning a living and it would be
stupid to deny it he earns his living
thanks to having been Rocío's husband and
having the children of who he has them from I
am in total agreement that she
comes out to tell her version now because we
have to hear both sides and hey
like it or not we like
gossip and this is entertaining us a
lot what I see as a little
contradictory that she comes out Talking now
after having said things like these
As I have been doing throughout
all this time I am not going to intervene in
any media to
deny either facts or opinions
expressed  about me the opposite would be to
participate in free comments
loaded with morbid content because it seems
that for a little million euros or a
little more anyone is
willing to give morbid content to
the televisions no Rocío I already said it in
the previous video from my point of
view what I believe is that all these
years she has been without giving statements on
television because when you are
filing a lawsuit for the right to honor it is
quite advisable and surely what
her lawyer would tell her is to be
publicly silent immediately
immediately that you be silent so
that later they cannot grab onto the
downward mood same spirit I challenge this
second program counted on with the full
collaboration of the entire feminist elite
to call it somehow And it is that on
this occasion it has been presented by Carlota
corredera who well throughout this
week we have seen her quite
involved with the subject she is surely
one of the most objective people who
can deal with this subject it has nothing to
do absolutely nothing to do with the fact that they
were invited to Rocío
Carrasco's wedding besides that note corredera is
a very reliable person okay she is a
person who wrote a book
encouraging all people to be
able to lose weight with phrases like if I have been
able to You  you can also or
willpower can't be bought with money that she
had lost 65 kilos with diet and
exercise but then it was revealed in
some media no and she
herself according to this media communicates that she would have had
liposuction and a
breast lift no that she
cheated a little no Hey yes I can
You can too I would have
also loved to find the clip that
this tweeter is referring to I know what that is
because one day my
butt was flooded all week Carlota
corredera dropping Pearls like for
example she couldn't sleep all
night thinking that Antonio David was going to
continue working on the program and I'm going to
confess now publicly that I haven't
said it all week she cried night from
Sunday to Monday I didn't sleep thinking that
Antonio David was coming to work and I was
presenting she has even gone so far as to say
that all the people who are throwing
[ __ ] at the program and who are
criticizing it and such that it is all a
smoke bomb to cover up and so that
the cases of corruption of the PP are not talked about
as is in the media I throw myself out of
here from mediaset because it is a
smokescreen  to cover up the Bárcenas trial I
say this because it is important that we
also know that we also know that perhaps
we are the squid ink to cover up my
point Rajoy well let's go with that it's good up
to here the world the world
communicated and the report
or rather it is that the same the blame for all of
this is Ayuso's in addition Carlota
corredera has not only been dropping
these types of pearls while we watched
the program throughout this week
but she has also taken it upon herself to
confront each and every one of the
collaborators who not only doubted
the testimony of Rocío Carrasco but
even dared to question
the minister Irene Montero please I
want to simply stay with the fact that there is such
a big problem so big with
gender violence that a politician is a
politician He no longer
even thinks about the elections they think of
supporting helping each other in the
process of an unconvicted man
if she is unaware she must
be And represent what equality means to me
because I have a son and I hope that
if one day he is acquitted of a case that they
are not condemning him in the media
well that  In your opinion Carlota
corredera allow me to correct you but no
the minister of equality has neither
reason to blame nor reason to point out a
man that justice has not pointed out
and I'm not telling you this I'm telling you the
European directive of
2016/343 as long as the
guilt of a suspect or accused has not been approved
According to the law,
public statements made by
public authorities and judicial resolutions
that are not condemnatory do not refer to
that person as guilty or
the law of presumption of innocence may also indicate
the right to the presumption of
innocence requires that no representative
of the state or public authority
declares that a person is guilty
before his guilt has been
established by a court I
emphasize again in case it has not been
clear to anyone and that is that these videos that I am
recording are not with the intention of
sanctifying anyone or demonizing the other
these videos are with the intention that
we analyze everything with great skepticism and
above all that we take into account that the
law has not  decided in this case to condemn
anyone I would like to invite caution
because the truth is that we are talking about
a very delicate subject but we are we
are talking about presupposing and I think it
is true that we had no right to
judge Rocío but we also have no
right to sentence David
is for you to say things like that Because
here nobody is sentencing anyone
well Carlota if for you it is not condemning
anyone that you are constantly
referring to a person as a victim
when you are constantly referring to someone
as a victim without there being
a sentence when there is a victim there is
a victimizer therefore Yes you are
sentencing and as I was saying
Carlota correderas has been confronting
each of the collaborators who
have dared to question the
testimony of Rocío Carrasco As for
example is the case of María Patiño who has
been questioning several things
since apparently she has received
information that in some of the
reports that Rosito showed in the first
episode there were missing data
Who has the capacity at this
time to be able to say what
leads to an attempt  suicide
nobody You just did it
emergency room you just said that Rocio
Carrasco the other day omitted that when
you just said that Rocio Carrasco
when she arrived at the emergency room she omitted to say in the
documentary that not only was she
so affected and that's why she tried to take her
life you have told your tide
Carrasco is reflected in the
provincial court you just said that she lied on
purpose to put the weight of everything on
her children
I have no idea I tell you that the
complete information has been left behind that
I have said that I bet what I should have been
honest and said
This aunt is manipulating the truth and it did
not come out of my mouth if I'm not mistaken
what Maria Patiño is referring to when she said that they
have omitted part of the report
that are quite revealing And I think
that Antonio David's lawyer is saying this
and now we are going to hear it and it
seems that in that same uniform there
were perhaps parts that also pointed out
other possible causes for the disorders
that Rocio Carrasco has so of course
the best that part in a biased way
to give an opinion not very objective not
of the  case to give a somewhat
objective view of the case they were not interested in
adding them to the documentary when we
were showing the birth you cannot
enter into this game you cannot enter into
the public game those statements
well in the public game yes you
can enter in fact Antonio David has been
telling his version all these years
both on television and
in all the press and doing exclusives
in many gossip magazines so now
she is telling hers what is
happening and this is my
personal opinion that now she is going
all out because after all the
trajectory that there is I think that it is very
unlikely that Antonio David could
sue her Although it may seem
incredible to you this is how it is Here there is an exchange
of accusations there is a
media conflict for years and just as
she has not won any lawsuit for the
right to honor now Antonio David I
believe Maybe I'm wrong but I think
that he could not sue her either he
could sue everyone who
is calling him an abuser and who is
addressing him as an aggressor with
insults like a diabolical person and
blaming him on all those
people yes but her  slander I
think I could not report her okay for
slander certainly not because she is
telling things as she has
experienced them and by right of honor I have my
doubts I think it would depend on the judge who
takes the case but by right of
honor perhaps I could file a complaint about
what she says about the episode of the
window or the episode of the hair being pulled
against the table there it depends on the judge who
takes her if Antonio David could go and file a complaint
for the right to honor we have
some convictions that in similar cases
have ruled in favor of the complainant
people who have recounted a more
or less similar episode and since they have not been able to be
proven in court then
you cannot openly say it in public
in the media but as I
tell you this would depend a lot on the judge here it would
depend a lot on the judge therefore I
have my doubts that Antonio David
could get his hands on her judicially
rice This is the worst of all okay
apart from that it is also out of our
hands if perhaps he had been
lying with some of the
judicial processes that there are with some of the
reports in that case and so on but I do
not know at this moment who I
am  I'm sure that David could get his
hands on all those
people who are referring to him
as an abuser, ignoring the
presumption of innocence. They
have seen them, judges the other day it was
said. They even give you sexist judges, there have
been six resolutions
and four judges, they have been able to see
all the evidence, a
social judgment cannot be made, it cannot have been pointed out
and crossed out and condemned and flowers outside of
justice. Because in addition,
the elements and the evidence
that are in the files have not been presented, there have been hundreds of
documents presented by
Rocío Carrasco's defense and you find
this, a person who goes out into the street,
prominent in justice, can no longer
work, has no voice, can no longer
defend himself, has no voice. It's incredible,
okay, because in one of
this week's programs, Carlota Corredera said something
like directly, it's that she said it
literally, Antonio David's version, I don't
care, I don't want to hear it, there are
very significant facts that were
suppressed from that report.
The truth was even missing about what the doctors
determined in that report. The
real judges have been a multitude of judges,
different courts in that case.  In
case the truth is missing and
that it has not only been omitted but
also lied about with the content of these
reports, in that case
David could get his hands on Rocío judicially,
I really have never seen anyone
proceed in this way,
what has been done cannot be done, there cannot be
a report like this, the public cannot be deprived
of what
the judges have really seen,
the judges,
the lawyers, the doctors,
psychosocial presenters, all of
Rocío Carrasco's psychiatrists who have declared their
decision to speak cannot be put at the mercy of the horses, I applaud it because I know
that she is no longer afraid and there is no need to be
afraid to make these statements.
She is the only one who can call
Antonio David Flores an abuser and it is
important to remember this because there is no
sentence that condemns Antonio David Flores,
nor can David Flores
say that he has been acquitted because there has
not been a trial either. She
calls him an abuser and points the finger at him
directly, assuming the consequences
because she ASSUMES the consequences that she
will have. Well, we must make a
nuance clear here, a small nuance is worth it. And  is that they
emphasize a lot that Antonio
David has not been acquitted and therefore he
cannot say that he has been released
because there has been no trial Of course but we have to keep
in mind that he has not
been acquitted because they have not even
seen the need to take him to trial okay
the judges have not considered that the
case should be taken to trial that
Antonio David should be seated In a
court it is almost better than a solution and
on the other hand what Isabel Rábago has said
is the same or similar or similar
to what I was saying it is very
risky for Antonio David to
denounce Rocío Carrasco because if
the lawsuit goes wrong the people who do not
understand the law Okay and the people who
are eager to
jump on her throat are going to take
everything that Rosito has said as true if you do not
condemn her when you have to get the
entire elite to collaborate on your program not
as is the case for example with Ana
Bernal Triviño she is a journalist Well
a journalist she is a super
feminist journalist who on more than one occasion I have
heard her say her
feminist nonsense and point out men in the media
without them being judged
simply for  her friends don't and
because she's feminists and because the others
are women and as you can see in these
screenshots that I'm showing you on more
than one occasion she's had to delete
some tweet about the atrocities that she
had posted okay relating people
with sexist violence and things like that
And then we also have
Marta netboke collaborating on the program
well I'm just going to tell you an
anecdote about her and that is that she's a woman
who says that if a day were given to men,
Men's Day would be the same as
Terrorist Day it would seem fabulous
if it were Feminist Men's Day
given that we have a clear problem,
Men's Day like
Terrorist Day is ugly,
the terrorist is ugly and she's so
wide of the mark let's read a little about what they
're up to in this program And look, I don't
understand the need that Telecinco suddenly has now
when it has been
for all these years
questioning Rosito's testimony not
only that but let's remember that they didn't
fire Antonio David from his job
until feminists asked for it
because they had recorded the program
months ago a year ago  He says,
for example, during all these years
Antonio
David Flores has had several polygraphs performed on him, in which the polygraph
always accepted his version as true.
So I wonder, Telecinco, which
of your versions is the one we should
believe? This question in particular is
very important. Yes, quite important,
I repeat, have you ever mistreated Rocío
Carrasco? You have answered no. The
pen dictates; it has no bearing on
question number three. He is telling the
truth; he called your daughter
secretly when she lived with her mother
because it was the only way you had of
contacting her.
Antonio David says yes, Conchita, what does
the deluxe police officer say? He is telling the truth.
Rocío Jurado called you on several
occasions and told you to come see your
children. Before David says yes,
Conchita, gray, the police officer, Luz, have you seen
the truth? Jorge Javier Vázquez. The
documentary series about Rocío Carrasco is a
life story that pushes us to
question why we are so unsupportive of
what happens to
too many women in the world and with
these women. Why weren't we
supportive? Jorge, in the same way?
[Applause]
You are one of  the dirtiest people who
have passed through the history of Sálvame
deluxe goodbye
please Enough already eh You don't have a microphone
or a camera Here the race ends for
this lady man that's enough how
disgusting my God how disgusting how disgusting how
disgusting María Patiño says I have a son
and whenever That if one day she is accused
of something like this, he is not condemned and has the
presumption of innocence to which Kiko
Hernández responded I have two daughters and I
want them to never go through what
Rocío Carrasco has gone through I am going to answer
this and it is that I am neither against
what one has said nor against what
the other has said I have a boy and
a girl therefore I do not want that
tomorrow my son's
presumption of innocence be ignored and they can
put him in jail for something he has not
done simply with the testimony
of a woman and I also would not like that
justice is not done if one day
something bad experience happens to my
daughter Therefore what must be done
is a middle ground  and of course
vote for parties that increase and take
more seriously the sentences for
abusers and rapists. On
last night's show, Kiko Hernandez, who
personally I don't dislike at all, I
found it funny that he was making
statements like he's glad that
Antonio David isn't returning to work because of what's
being said about him and
basically that he was very disappointed
and that he saw very badly what
Antonio David had done
to the celebrities in his bed and well to the
turntables to collect that's a
television plate that's coming to collect on a
television plate for sex
[Music]
I get up and hit you
[Applause]
The thing is, I don't like
[ __ ], it may have
fallen [
Applause]
please
[Applause]
but let's see one thing I want to say,
okay
Yola, please don't do this to us,
me too,
surely if here with Hernandez or
Jorge Javier or any of the
collaborators who are giving their opinion on
this whole issue were shown these images, they
would claim that these are other times, that
many years of these scenes and that
today they do not represent them, today  They wouldn't
act the same, that's why we can't
be stoning anyone or condemning
anyone for attitudes from 20 years ago
because 15 years ago, even five years ago, everyone
was different and we had
normalized other things that we don't now, that's why we are
progressing, surely
if they brought out comments of mine from 10
years ago we would surely find some
stupidity and I am emphasizing this
because these days
a lot of criticism is being thrown in and
many clips of Antonio David from the
past are being brought to light that honestly leave him in a very bad
place, I mean, we are not going to justify
any of his attitudes because they are
completely repugnant, one of the ones they bring
out the most is this one that we are going to see
next. I have gay friends and I think they are
phenomenal, in my
personal opinion on this issue. The thing is that I think that there
shouldn't be any gays within the Civil Guard,
in my personal opinion. I
mean, the guard is true. Yes, it's
that we want to be very modern, although
times change, there are certain things that don't
change, certain things and within those
improvements and within those improvements I
would dare to say that the Civil Guard at
this point in the 21st century  Being a
Civil Guard as the name is, they would
already need a union. That's true. And yes, I
repeat it again,
this specific Clean that we
just saw is totally unjustifiable. They are even reporting it
in all the newspapers and they are
repeating it a lot on TV these
days, but why don't they report, for example,
this
lesbian, it's for sure because you
said it, no, the other day that you were bisexual, you
said it, or you're not a lesbian or what are you? I
think you're transsexual. How do we know that it wasn't the two of them
who were
insulting each other? How do we know that it
wasn't the two of them who were being a little
rude to call it that? I just
put it in a nutshell. It belongs to an
interview they did on Tómbola and in
fact a clip of this same interview came out
yesterday in yesterday's episode.
Last night's episode made me wonder if they would
take clicks from this interview that were
damaging to Antonio David because he had
a confrontation with some
collaborators, but they didn't take clicks in
nutshells like this one or like this one that I'm going
to put below.
Rocío, there is
no disqualification
and we could find clips like these
in any of the interviews that she gave.
back then an interview
when I arrived at the airport I was coming home from
work I had fallen asleep so the
good lady who is an expert on the subject
said that she didn't know if I was asleep
or doing something else so I don't know
why you say that I
'm like you before I asked you a
question you said I don't know anything but
not much better either you don't know what happens
the problem is that it's very easy to
talk about people when you're not right
in front of them the problem is that one day they
can beat you up what will
Ana Bernal Triviño have to say about this I'm
going to tell you what she's going to say she's
probably going to say that she was
alienated her mind was manipulated by
the oppressive patriarchy then we have
people like Belén Esteban who well one
day I did one thing to you and the next day she says something else there's
a complaint out there that
Rocío Carrasco filed against her recently and maybe it has
something to do with her change of
mind But well taking into account
that Belén Esteban once said in
a magazine I left Jesulín because he
hit me and then in another magazine she said I lied I
apologize anything We can
wait and above all if later you
we hear people say this I mean have the
courage to say it is what I have to say
because I have to say it
there are also men who file false accusations
that can spend two or three days in
jail and when they have made a
court that no
then we have the teacher Joao getting involved
even with Rocío Flores. Well, this
man well, we don't have to take him too much
into account, I have already recorded some videos
about him on this channel and most likely
what he is looking for is for me to call him
on television since they have not paid attention to him
throwing all the [ __ ] that he
threw at him on social networks to give Molinero well
maybe he is trying to see if they will
call him to collaborate with this no the
girl is 25 years old I am with you The girl
hit me insulted the mother I don't know what
I do not like you now the girl no how much you
dislike the girl now with how much you liked her
when you sucked up to
her and the father with the little number of the
handkerchief she liked to dry herself with
the handkerchief and she was there 32 years old
[Music]
represents part of my life it's as if she
were my family
because she is wearing makeup with every
test as the
journalist María Patiño was commenting, she has been one of the
most skeptical about this
case, she has been given some stick
for it on television and on
social networks and specifically in
yesterday's episode Rocío Carrasco made her a
participant saying that she was
aware of some of the
small episodes that she has said on some
occasions she has told us everything but she
knew perfectly well what was
happening she knows perfectly well that
summer of mine
this María Patiño was quick to deny it on
her social networks saying that the
truth does not match her experience and that
what she was saying was false as she
has also come out to deny some of the
alleged infidelities that Rocío
Carrasco has told no or things that she
believed were infidelities the
protagonists of the story themselves that they already
told about Rocío Carrasco I am
living in Argentina she named me a couple
of times and what you say is a lie how
important
What I do not understand is why she remembers
after 25 years it seems to me a bit that
the story has been fed back because
you say that  dew-drenched
[Music]
but yes, you were friends, I
knew them but
David's year of work, sometimes together But come on, we
weren't friends, you weren't even
friends with Antonio David
and then we have public figures
who have directly taken
justice into their own hands, they have issued
sentences, okay because now it turns out that they
are the new judges, for example,
we have the actress Paz Vegas, not with
these stories that she deleted
shortly after uploading it, okay, the few minutes
and this guy named Antonio David
Flores is a textbook giver Although
justice arrives late and is still not
prepared to face cases like this
of gender violence, he puts up his photo This
is the image of a trafficker, yes, a
trafficker, someone who has been living off the
story he invented for 25 years,
destroying the life of a woman, to
the point of almost achieving his goal,
killing her. Let's see when we find out that
from a legal point of view, she is not a
battered woman, all of this has
seemed like a shameful spectacle to me and it
continues to seem like it to me, this is nothing more than
a television spectacle, an
absolutely politicized show that some
use as a campaign with their
propagandistic message and what  is
implying that even if the law 6 or 7
judges according to David's lawyer decide
not to convict a man in a
popular trial he will continue calling you a trafficker
hanging a label on you that you will not
remove for life one thing that we
have to get into our heads and is that I
am seeing many people on Twitter
taking for granted that the trial is going to
reopen that maybe this whole documentary
will serve to get the case moving again
and finally put him in jail no the
trial is very unlikely to be
reopened the trial has a
provisional dismissal this means that it
could be reopened okay it remains provisional
just in case okay just in case but for it to be
reopened
new evidence would have to appear new facts I am
almost certain that the files are not going to be released they
are provisional 99.9%
of the files in this country this man
is Judge José Antonio Vázquez
one day some new evidence will appear
but in order to reopen a case that
is archived something new has to appear
after a time in these cases of
intra-community violence be it
domestic violence or  Gender violence is very
difficult For something new to appear because
no new evidence appears Why no
new evidence appears Because look,
we repeat and this is what I would like to be
emphasized a lot so that all of
Spain is clear about it Not only are 65% of
the judges in this country women and
younger than me, not only are we
talking about the only profession where they
are clearly the majority and they are also
very specialized, which means we
cannot talk about sexist Justice, we
already talked about this in the previous video, okay
Not only is it that the majority of judges
are women but also, as I already batted
without it, I understand that these cases are
especially carefully looked at, they are
very delicate issues that must be looked at
with great caution, both from one side
and the other, therefore, here there are
very specialized people, it is not the same
as you reporting your neighbor because there is
a lot of noise at night and a
case of abuse or alleged abuse of
a woman, they are specialized,
very prepared people look for you, they are constantly given training
and they are supported by a
psychosocial team that is always a
psychologist and a social educator, women
who also know how to treat them, know how to
listen and  we make the reports have
listened to Mrs. Carrasco and have
filed it, it's not that if judges supported by
technical teams have prepared some
reports to be able to dismiss because if
not they would be incurring a crime to
say in order to be able you have to have a
report first If that has already had a
specialized review It had a
technical review what we have to talk about is
from respect and say Listen, well I
think that something should be done with this
person that maybe socially there are
people who internalize crimes that they have not
even suffered we have met
many times Well maybe we are going to
give them support we have also
talked about that I don't know if in the previous video or we
have talked about it elsewhere but I
think that in this case we will not be
talking about a false accusation
or anything like that I mean I think that
she has lived through it like that she believes that she has been
mistreated just in case some
psychological help Because from the Ministry it
can be done that of course
socially and politically it can be
done but always respecting what
the judges have done because we are
questioning something without even
explaining how a mechanism works that
listen If you want to improve it it is in your
hands give us more  media as I was
saying a few minutes ago at the
beginning of the video is very complicated
Antonio David would have to be very well advised to be able to take action
against Rocio Carrasco I tell you I
'm almost sure that for slander he
could not take action in any case if he
were lying deceiving
with a judicial document with some
report or by right to honor that would
depend on the judge who handles the
case about the alleged episodes
of physical violence that he had if Rocio
Carrasco cannot prove that there would
be a problem for you to go airing that
so openly and so
calmly you must have something one
of the things that television is selling
and a lady called Cristina who
apparently was a friend of theirs is that she
says she has a recording stored in
a safe of the episode of the
hair pulling and the banging of the table no And how
is it that this recording has not been provided
in any case, I mean I think that here
television is selling us
smoke here smoke there to
play a little with people's minds
because I just can't get my head around
that this person supporting Rocio
Carrasco in the complaint has not provided
this evidence Here she is waiting To
provide this evidence in case she
has it then that's why I tell you that if
that evidence existed in the case that
David reported Rosito And that
recording existed It would be detrimental
to Antonio because more than cleaning up his
image he would screw it up so he has to be
very advised to take the steps he's
going to take and the actions he's going to
take from now on one thing that has
caught my attention about this
Cristina and makes me doubt her
testimony And what she may have
today she has put her account on lock
curiously okay But three days ago she
uploaded a video to her Twitter thank
goodness at least I took a screenshot
This video was her joking three
days ago with an impressive joke okay
some friend was recording her and she arrived
with the car as if it were the press that
stopped her Cristina please give a
statement and she no no the press no
the press no that seriously you take a
case in which supposedly you have
recordings that would prove that it was
true that this case of abuse
occurred not that seriously making a
parody of How funny no how it makes you
famous and how the press stops you on the
street Allow me What doubts you
Cristinita, everyone can
report for whatever they want something else is what
the judges Determine that we have to
take it seriously Simply
because it is the testimony of one and the
word of a woman it cannot be according to
several media outlets and several
front pages Fidel was reported for mistreatment
of Rosito that she did not file the complaint
supposedly it was filed by a
former domestic employee according to the
version of State Irma Gómez and according to what
the press tells us Fidel called Rocío
mentally [ __ ] mongolian in cases
where she did not think like him and on two
occasions as a result of these arguments we
had to pick up the children and
go to the Mother's house I had to
throw away a smashed television three
slats of bed base and a cardboard box
in which there were Fidel's clothes cut into
pieces and they did not let Rocío Jurado go up to the apartment
according to these
media outlets Okay and I say according to what they
tell us because I do not know the veracity of
this complaint or of what  What happened next? I've
been trying to find the verdict
or the sentence but I can't find it in
any of the courts that the
media say, these are not this
came out in Hola in several
gossip magazines the complaint was not admitted for
processing due to lack of evidence and he
requested precautionary measures to prevent
the complainant from being on
television sets in addition to slander and
libel the court ruled in favor of the
nanny acquitting her of the crimes in order for
you to be acquitted of an accusation of
slander and libel
several things have to happen it may be that the judge
determines that you did not do it with intention to
slander and in the case of slander
that you can prove what you are
saying or that the judge determines that you
were completely convinced that
these crimes existed even though they did not exist
in reality Fidel appealed to the
provincial court but finally
decided to drop the charges this is how
Inma Gómez remembered it years later in an
interview with the gossipmonger and he
appealed In the second instance but after a
conversation I had with them he decided to
drop the charges this all
according to the press okay what I mean by this is that we have to believe all the women who denounce or do we have to listen to the judges another thing that was said very ugly about Fidel Rosito's partner currently this was said by Amador Mohedano in an interview he did I think it
was on Sálvame and it is that both Fidel
and Rosito were addressing Gloria Camila
and José Fernando who addressed them
as immigrants contemptuously
this was told to Amador but
Telecinco is not going to remind you one of
the strongest points in
last night's program was the subject of the supposed episode
in which Antonio David supposedly would have
picked up Rosito and
tried to throw her out of this window
that you are seeing in these photos he
picked me up my nightgown had a
very large window and then to the
left of the room had a
window and then he grabbed my nightgown
and pulled half my body out of the
window and my belly was hitting me on
the edge of the window he quickly let me go
and then he said regarding that
episode  that it can't be that
episode was never real and that it couldn't
be because there were bars on that
window that bar was put up in 2010
and the proof is this let's see gentlemen Pay close
attention to this issue this issue is quite
complicated I don't know what to think but you're going to
freak out they sent me this photo okay it was
uploaded on an internet page that is
supposedly dated
2005 this is obviously not very reliable
because it's simply the title of the
photo and the person who published it could have made a
mistake I asked a
computer scientist to check the metadata
of the image uploaded to the internet and in the
metadata it also says 2005 but
of course I don't know how reliable this is
but here we see the window with a bar ok
The thing is if we come to Google
Maps okay where we can navigate along the
street where Rocío Jurado's old house is
in Chipiona we go to
this window and we see how in 2018 it has a
bar in 2016 it also has some
fallen tiles in 2013 it also has it
Okay  if we go back to 2008 in 2008,
that window doesn't have bars, okay, that window does
n't have bars. So it's true that the
rest of the house some have bars
and others don't. So this is very, very,
very strange. Also, we can see that the
bars that the rest of the house has are
similar to the model that would be put on
later, I imagine to follow the
aesthetics. So up to here we could
say, wow, Antonio David lied when he
said that the window had bars. But of
course, what happened? What
happened last minute is that they sent me
an old report by Rocío Jurado,
okay, it's a report where we see
her showing the house, she doesn't take photos
posing in various places in the house and we
see this photo where some windows
have bars and others don't, which I understand is
that the windows that don't have bars is
because they don't give directly to the floor
below, okay, but rather have
a kind of patio. So there's no
danger, it wouldn't seem like a good idea at
all, having a small daughter at home and
having children at home, remember
that then there was Gloria Camila and José
Fernando, I wouldn't think so.
good idea to remove the bars from those windows but what you're going to be shocked with is when we go to the fan page Club Rocío Jurado we go back to 1974 which is the year when she bought the house and she bought the house with bars on all
the windows you can see it here guys
when the house was under
renovation it had bars already here you have another
photo okay from another perspective and you see
how the bars always remain in the same
style no I mean it's the aesthetics of the
house therefore conclusion no [ __ ]
idea guys no [ __ ] idea What I
think happened here is that there were
some bars on the house that were
removed for a few years see if you
see these two they were removed
for a few years and then they were put back on
therefore the
little paper where the man shows that he
installed a network in 2010 could
perfectly be a bar that was already put on
before a change of bars that were
removed for some reason for a
while then they were put back on who
knows why what we can't know
here 100% is  during what years were
those bars removed if in 1998 or 1999
the bars were already removed or not we also don't
know if that's the window or not the one she's
referring to you'll forgive me for being
so skeptical okay but life has
taught me to be like that And to me this piece of
window without bars if you're
telling me that Antonio David hung it here
Rosito with half his body out in a
house that was surrounded and
watched by paparazzi all day long I mean they were taking
pictures of her on the beach and you're telling me
that he hung it here in the middle of this street
with half his body out and nobody
saw it and with all that nerve I don't know I have
my doubts but as I tell you it's the word
of one person against the other unless it
can be proven If that is the
room she's referring to and from what
year to what year the bars were
removed at the moment what we do know
is that Rocío Jurado bought that
house with bars on the windows another thing
that catches my attention is that she
always recounts that summer with a lot of
Calvary no  like with a lot of suffering
that Antonio David was putting in a good light to the
press but that she
was actually having a terrible time obviously because of
everything she was going through But then I
find myself in the press with this
photograph not that they are from that summer
supposedly And she is not seen having a
bad time, I mean it is assumed that she is not
aware that they are taking those
photos and we see here the two of them
laughing No her being affectionate with him
voluntarily the left
directly in the social networks has
begun to believe in
parental alienation parental alienation to
summarize or so that you understand it
easily would be that one of the
parents spoke badly to a child and threw
[ __ ] at him speaking vulgarly to
his father or on the contrary about his
mother no the left questioned this
symptom did not say that it does not exist because of the
fact that right-wing politicians
were saying were arguing
that parental alienation syndrome could exist
but on the part of
both parents or that a
mother shits one of her children
with their father or that the father shits
one of his children with their mother
which is completely illegal and right now it
is regulated by  the law but the
left said no that this doesn't
exist that it's impossible well not
specifically that it doesn't exist that it could
happen but only in one sense
basically that the woman couldn't screw
her children over with their father because
the woman when those situations arise
can make it possible to think that there are
women who manipulate their children to
turn them against their parents as if
the boys and girls were lying I think
that anyone who has sons or
daughters or who
regularly interacts with children knows that it's
very difficult to convince a boy or a
girl to tell a story that they don't
believe or that they haven't experienced or the
left says no that that wouldn't be
parental alienation that that would be
gender violence it's only possible
for that to go from one way to the other okay
in one sense for women no impossible here we
really would have to listen to the
children's testimonies not to see if
one of their parents has spoken badly to them about the
other parent which as I tell you this
is totally regulated by law not even
a father can speak badly to his children
about a mother and a mother about a father so we
have to listen to see if on some
occasion we can hear the version of
the children and finally and to
finish with the video comment a little bit
above because I don't want to
get too much into this subject Simply
comment on it because of how people have understood it
and it is the fact of the disease that
appears to have The boy not the son
of Antonio David and Rocío Carrasco I do not know
what disease they have because I have been
searching the
media and apparently Neither one nor the
other has mentioned it directly
they talk about a child who is special but they have
not mentioned what he has what
several media outlets say is
that it could be Angel Man syndrome
which I do not know but from what I have been
reading it must be made clear that it
would be genetic And why do I want to make
this clear for these statements by
Rosarito in the documentary
[Music]
panic attacks anxiety attacks
this I love that they put it as a
headline not because it is something that when
people and the progress they want to victimize it
is not anxiety I have a lot of anxiety I
like that people think crazy
and if the hormones that is the pregnancy that
is affecting the head that jealousy
Are driving me crazy and that because of
jealousy I was going to miscarry my child that because
of the  jealousy was going to give birth to
her child badly there are many people on
social networks who think that subtly very
subtly she wanted to imply that
what has happened to the child or the
child's situation could be caused by
how bad he went through It's not that I
think it's tremendous I really think what I
want to imply when she
says this is not because of your jealousy
no And because you're crazy you're going to give birth to
my child badly what I think Is that she wants to
make him charge of the guilty
conscience to her as if she
leaves you with the guilty conscience that it was
her fault that the
child was born like that Anyway, whatever
the case may be, it seems tremendous to me it
has no name really it has no name
and nothing gentlemen that's all for
today's video And this is my opinion of everything I
insist This video does not have the intention
of criminalizing anyone or sanctifying
anyone or demonizing anyone I am giving
my opinion based on the documentary that
is coming out on television adding
a little bit of the newspaper archives that have already
passed through during all these years I
think that when things like this happen
neither of the two  He is telling the
truth 100% I think that to draw
conclusions and get to the truth
we have to take a little from each one in
this case I am less inclined towards her
than towards him or to recognize it because I
am seeing certain contradictions and
above all what I am condemning is the
media trial that is being carried out on
this television channel when the
judges have said otherwise none of us have
the right to play another
for things from so many years ago because we
are no longer talking about
5 or 10 years ago we are talking about
things from 20 years ago in which we all
had normalized certain
quite ugly behaviors that are seen
today luckily quite ugly and not
only attitudes and facts but
comments things that today
luckily we have progressed and I am
totally sure that almost
everyone who is watching this video if we
look at ourselves 20 years ago we will have done
things to be ashamed of But
anyway this topic will continue to be
talked about in fact there are still quite a few
episodes and quite a few weeks in which
this will even be talked about I  Every time I
see it necessary, I will be
uploading a video to both Facebook and
my YouTube channel about this topic,
so I ask you all to please
follow me right now on my
Facebook page and also subscribe
to my YouTube channel in case anything happens to
me, if they take
down a video,
censor a video, or whatever, okay,
you have all my social networks and that's it for
today's video, until next time.